Ha, ha, he, he...
He stands somewhere,
Then his sword moves by only a tiny bit,
And hiswhore takes him by sea.
Move that horse.
Don't turn his body around yet,
So the middle man will understand,
That whore is useless
Oh, Kouichi...
The master's very insensitive.
Even if you are waiting with your arms stretched out,
no one will come up to the hill.
No matter how long the sword is, it won't reach the military ship.
So, is Father safe?
How is the horse?
Yes.
No matter what,
it's the most important horse, so it's going to be a landmark.
The bullets will fly around,
so it's a challenge.
And the horse is his wife.
With the help of the behalf of the
A brief moment of thought
Go make the most of the effort
Madam K shouted
He listened to Ivan
So why the great difficulty
Like working at a railway station
Muni
and man
So why the great difficulty
But the young man
I'm sorry, but I'm not in the mood for it.